Whoo!
Whoo-hoo!
Oh. yeah!
Okay. you're great.
You got the line?
Yeah.
Come on up. slowpoke.
Help!
You okay? You know.
we're 50 miles from anybody.
Who are you screaming for?
You.
Come on.
Just pull me up!
Rich?
Just pull me up.
All right. don't be a
dick. Richie. I need a pull.
Rich?
What...
When you plant a seed into
your own kin. you anger God.
...still have not been
able to locate the two missing
Bluefield State
College students.
Richard Stoker and Halley Smith
have been missing since last Monday
after failing to return
from a weekend of rock...
♪ There's a place you might wanna go ♪
♪ It's right up my street ♪
♪ You might look and
see the light shining ♪
♪ Someone you might like to meet ♪
♪ It's Halloween ♪
Hey. how you doing?
Do you have any idea
what's going on up here?
Tractor jackknifed
about five mile up.
Spilled chemicals and
shit all over the road.
Any idea how long
it'll take to clean up?
Couple of hours.
Couple of hours?
You in a hurry?
Yeah. I need to get
to Raleigh tonight.
What you oughta do
is get back in your car...
...fix your hair a couple
hundred more times...
Thank you.
Hey. Doris.
This is Chris Flynn.
I have a 7:00 p.m.
interview with Mr. Keller.
I'm running about
30 minutes late.
I was wondering if you could...
Hello?
I'm not gonna make this.
♪ It's a mistake. but who knows ♪
♪ Followed you home.
crawled in your window ♪
♪ This life is a trip when
you're psycho in love ♪
♪ And I know ♪
Excuse me. sir.
Do you have a pay phone?
This one's not working. Do you
have another phone I could use?
Long distance?
What isn't long distance from here. right?
You cutting wise with me. son?
No. sir. I'm just...
I'm running behind.
and I really need to make a call.
Well that one there is my only phone.
Right.
Well. the highway's really jammed up.
Do you know of another
route heading south?
No.
Hey why is this Bear
Mountain Road dotted like this?
- Dirt.
- It's a dirt road?
Afraid they ain't got
around to paving it yet.
It looks like it runs into the highway
about 15. 20 miles. Is that right?
If you say so.
It could work.
Thank you very much.
You take care. okay?
You're the one that
gonna need to take care.
♪ If it gets you down.
well then I want it ♪
♪ Then I want it ♪
♪ Only ♪
♪ If only. only ♪
♪ If only. only. it was nothing at all ♪
We just got nailed. man!
- Jesus Christ!
- Shit!
Goddamn drunk ass hillbilly!
Hey. Hey. you all right?
- I'm so sorry. I just...
- Yeah.
- Jesus.
- I was just coming around the bend.
I didn't even see...
I got distracted and...
- My God. you could've died!
- Are you guys all okay?
Yeah. yeah.
You wanna sit down?
You might be in a state
of shock or something.
What the hell were you doing
driving so goddamn fast for?
All right. all right.
Why was your truck parked
in the middle of the road?
Because we blew out
our tires. asshole!
Hey. look. I'll pay for
whatever damage was done...
Look. you're damn right you're
gonna pay. That's my mom's car.
All right. Frannie.
The man said he'd pay for...
Looks like you killed
my bike here. too. but...
I'm sorry. I... How did
you blow out your tires?
Someone left some barbed
wire in the middle of the road.
I can't believe someone
just dropped it there.
Nobody dropped anything.
I just found this tied to a tree
back there. Somebody did this.
Southern hospitality at its finest.
Red neck assholes.
Look. I'm gonna go
try and find a phone.
I think I saw a gas station
like a couple miles back.
I'm gonna come with you.
There is no phone.
I was just there.
Look. why don't we just wait
for someone else to come along?
What. like Speed Racer here?
Look. I'm not going anywhere.
Okay. you guys go. and. I don't know.
we'll just stay here. Francine. and...
And get high.
Yeah. So what?
Careful.
They don't like stoners.
Who are you
calling a stoner?
Your mom.
Hey. what's your name?
Chris Flynn.
You hurt. Chris Flynn?
- No. I'm fine.
- Good.
'Cause you're the mule.
Oh. no. I...
You know. I can carry that. You
just had the whole car accident thing.
Yeah. we'll just stay here
and maybe get hit again.
Are you guys
sure you're cool?
Yeah.
Yeah. we'll be just fine.
Thank you.
Bet you will.
Yeah. smoke it up there. Skippy.
Yeah. have fun.
I don't fucking
believe this.
Your mom's gonna kick your ass.
God. I can not get it out of
my head what just happened.
- Are you sure you're all right?
- Yeah. I'm fine.
Yeah?
What are you guys
doing out here?
Camping. I don't know.
Actually. we're lost.
You know. a lot of people say.
who have been through similar
traumatic experiences.
that the following moments kind of feel
like you're moving kind of in slow motion.
- Do you feel like that?
- No.
I should tell you that my voice
is fairly low in normal speed.
Pretty good.
Where'd you get this?
I got it out of my dad's room. actually.
You can finish it.
I can't believe
they called us stoners.
Dickheads.
Are you sure you know
where we're going?
Yeah. There was a map at the gas station.
I'm so tired already. I'm
starving. and I'm being eaten by ants.
Are there any on my back?
No. nothing there.
Hey-ho! I call it. squirrel.
Well. you said you
were hungry. Carly.
I don't think it's a squirrel.
It's a mink.
Really?
How do you know?
Probably ran over it.
In medical school. they make
you work on animal cadavers
before you get to the real thing.
It's a mink.
It's a mink?
I need to be in
Raleigh by 7:00.
Better get a move on. then.
You know. we should've
just taken her to New York.
No. You know how she
loves this outdoor stuff.
Yeah.
If you ask me. though. nature sucks.
Well. the next time she gets
dumped. we'll take her to New York.
Drop your pants.
What?
When do people always show up. Evan?
What are we doing?
Consider it an experiment
in probability theory.
Really?
I love you.
I know.
Now get them trousers
off. boy. Don't be a sissy.
All right.
You know. baby. I've been
thinking about this whole wedding thing.
and I think we should
take a trip down to Mexico.
I'm talking about
a long weekend. margaritas.
the two of us on a beach alone. sunset.
And. you know. I'm talking
about just. just eloping.
You know what I mean?
Okay. Wait a second.
You wanna know what I think?
Yes. please.
I think if you ever wanna
get in my pants again...
Affirmative.
...that's the last time
you use the "E" word.
Okay? Okay.
Yeah. it's a disgusting word.
Hey. guys. hold on.
Hey. is anyone up there?
Hello!
There must be people nearby.
Anyone up there?
Somebody had to start it.
Let's keep moving.
Hello?
Freaky.
Look at this.
It's fucked!
Nothing. Nothing.
Hey. did you find anything to eat?
They took all my Power Bars.
No.
No. Sorry.
Damn it. Scott and Carly
took all our frigging sunscreen.
Does he have any good CDs?
Definitely not.
You know. I think this guy
must be some kind of doctor.
Maybe we could get him to write us
some prescriptions when he gets back.
He doesn't have any smokes. either.
Almost out.
Evan?
Where are you?
Hey. baby. what are you doing?
I'm just. uh. amusing myself.
You getting anything there. chatty?
No. nothing.
I'm gonna miss this thing.
Why didn't you just fly?
I put all of my money
into that car back there.
Okay. forget eloping. but there is an idea
I think we should discuss
about the band for our wedding.
I think we should hire a. you know. a Frank
Sinatra-type lead singer for the band
as opposed to a James
Brown-type lead singer.
because. you know. really. let's be
honest. there's only one James Brown.
and. you know. a faux James
Brown is really quite intolerable.
Evan?
Where are you?
You pissing or something?
Evan?
You know. plus he'd be grinding his
hips. and my grand mother would be.
yes. revolted
but also strangely fascinated
in a completely
disturbing way and...
Baby?
Carly. I was kidding.
Carly?
Evan?
Sweetheart?
Hey. guys. hold up!
Guys. hold up for
a second. all right?
Baby. seriously.
this isn't funny.
Jesus. God! Baby!
Oh! I'm so sorry.
I could've killed you. woman.
I'm extremely dangerous.
You wanna know why
I love you so much?
Because you're so
fun to play with.
Is that why you love me?
- That really scared me. baby.
- I'm sorry.
That really scared me.
Would you not do that?
Hello!
There's nothing like
stating the obvious. huh?
Hey. baby. look at this.
Hey. Carly. I think this
would be a good time
for you to confront
your fear of heights!
- Don't!
- Oh god!
Okay. that is not funny.
Look who's scared now.
- Sorry.
- Whatever.
Just get me to a motel room.
run me a very hot bath.
and be prepared to provide
me with a lot of orgasms.
I think they need to be alone.
What do you expect?
They just got engaged.
They're happy.
It's a hard thing to find.
Yeah.
- Got it?
- Limber tongue. Got it.
You're stupid.
Maybe we shouldn't
have left Francine and Evan.
Don't worry.
They're fine.
- You guys okay?
- Super.
Well. wait. guys.
This road isn't on here.
That's because you don't
have the redneck World Atlas.
I think we've just
been saved. kids.
- Can I get a...
- Woo! Woo!
Make this quick.
Actually. maybe
we should keep walking.
What? The next house is
gonna have a white picket fence?
Yeah. if there is a next house.
- Hey.
- What?
Hello?
All right. this isn't right.
Hello? Anybody home?
Whoa! Baby. could you...
Hey. hey. what are you doing?
I was gonna see if they had a phone.
I mean. you guys can
wait out here if you want.
You can't just go barging
into someone's house like that.
Yeah because. you know.
I'm just thinking.
West Virginia. trespassing.
not a great combination.
Look. I need to pee.
Well. I need to remind you of a
little movie called Deliverance.
Guys. we got two wrecked cars.
I mean. we really need a phone.
Hello?
Carly.
What the fuck?
Let's just do what we
gotta do and get out of here.
Hey. I am not sensing a phone here.
Hello!
Okay. who lives here?
I don't know. but can
you help me find a bathroom?
Baby. I think this
is the bathroom.
Fuck.
Oh. my God.
Look at this place.
Seriously. guys. I think we should go.
Okay. just help me find
the bathroom. Then we'll go.
Baby. what if this place
belongs to some kind of cult?
Actually. I read in Newsweek
how economically-depressed places
are like breeding grounds for all
kinds of apocalyptic visionaries.
Order of the Solar Temple.
Jom Bola.
Church of the Lamb of God.
the Chijon Family.
- Remember them? Not nice people.
- Hey. brainiac!
All right. Maybe that door.
- Jesus Christ!
- You're fine.
- You okay?
- It's just a paddle.
Oh. it's just a paddle.
It's all right.
Whoa.
God. look at this place.
Yeah. It's like the garage sale from hell.
Jesus.
Can you believe this?
Jesus. these guys are ripping people off.
This is like thirty thousand
dollars' worth of stuff.
Chris.
I think we should leave.
This is kind of creepy. actually.
Seriously.
- Yeah. this is it.
- Okay. Be quick.
- Okay.
- All right?
Two minutes.
All right? I'll be here.
Guys. guys.
check this out.
Oh. no.
Oh. God. Oh. God.
Scott. Scott!
Scott. we have to go now!
- Jess! Jessie!
- Jess!
- Hey!
- Whoa!
- Guys. what is it?
- We need to get back to your friends.
- What about a phone?
- There is no phone.
Shit!
There's a back door.
I saw a back door. Come on.
- Go! This way. hurry. Come on!
- Go. go!
Okay. hurry. Shit!
Shit! No!
Scott! Scott!
It's not gonna budge! Come on!
Go.
Go!
- Go! Go!
- Go. baby! Go! Go!
Go. you guys! Run!
Go!
Come on. come on.
Go quickly. Come on.
Come on! Come on!
- Where are they going?
- I don't know.
Jesus. did that really just happen?
Do you think Evan's okay?
- Baby.
- I can't. I can't.
Carly. come on! Get up!
You didn't see what
they did to Francine.
- You didn't see what we saw!
- Carly!
Carly! Carly!
Sweet pea!
Look at me. We are gonna
get out of this. I swear to you.
We are. Okay? We're gonna find
a road. We're gonna get to a town.
And we're going home.
We're gonna get married. All right?
And we are never going
into the woods again.
- All right?
- We gotta go.
- Come on. This way!
- Let's go! Come on!
What is this?
Jesus.
All these people.
Baby.
Fuck.
How can they do this?
I don't understand.
How'd they get away with this?
Oh. my God. All these people.
Maybe one of them still runs.
Look for keys.
None of these cars are gonna run.
Come on. Look at 'em.
Oh. fuck.
Get down! Get down!
- Oh. shit.
- What?
What do we do?
- They left their truck running.
- So?
We gotta take it.
How are we supposed to do that?
One of us leads them
in the wrong direction
and the rest commandeer the
truck so they'll run for the runner.
- It's a classic military move.
- Who goes?
Me.
Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey!
Over here!
Oh. shit.
Oh. God. Alright.
Go!
Listen. help him get to
the truck. I'll meet you there.
- I love you.
Fuckers!
Asshole motherfuckers!
Assholes!
He's okay.
Come on.
Here. here. You're okay.
Go ahead. Go. go. go. Go to the truck.
Go. Come on. We gotta go.
- We gotta go. Come on!
- I can't!
- Come on!
Carly. get in!
We gotta find Scott!
We have to find Scott!
Where is he?
There he is! There he is!
There he is! Scott!
Run. Scott!
We're over here! Scott!
- Scott! Come on!
- Scott. let's go!
Come on!
Come on. Scott! Scott!
Let's go!
Scott. come on!
Come on. Scott!
Come on. Scott! Scott!
Scott! What are you doing?
- Scott. what's wrong? Scott!
- Scott!
Scott! No!
No!
Let go of me!
Let me go!
Scott!
No!
Drive! Drive!
- No!
- Drive!
Oh. God!
What's happening?
Oh. God. what's happening?
Jess. please. can we go back? Please.
Carly. we have to keep going. Okay?
Scott.
Are you sure this is
the road from that map?
It's gotta go somewhere.
This better get us out of here.
Shit.
- Shit.
- Come on!
Back it up.
Slowly. Slowly.
Come on!
It's not gonna go any farther.
Come on. Let's get out.
Damn it.
We gotta find out where we are.
The highest ridge is up there. Come on.
What's the point? They're
gonna find us anyway.
Come on. Let's go. Carly.
No. If he's going. I'm not.
He got us into this.
Carly. look at me. okay?
Scott died protecting us.
We need to keep ourselves
alive. or it was for nothing. Okay?
We're all in this together. Carl.
Come on.
I want him back.
I know. I know.
Carl. look at me. Okay? Look.
We're gonna stay alive.
We're gonna get out of this.
We're gonna get out of these
woods. We're gonna find the police.
and we're gonna make sure those
motherfucks are punished for this. Okay?
Carly.
Come on. Carly. You can do it.
It's gonna get dark soon. Come on.
We need to find that road quick.
I know.
Just a little bit farther.
Chris!
It's a bear trap.
Hey. what's up?
I gotta rest.
Hey. guys.
Look.
Oh. my God.
It's a watchtower.
Hello! Is anyone up there?
I don't think anyone's up there.
Doesn't matter.
It may have a phone or a radio.
Maybe we can see the road.
You okay?
Come on.
Guys. I don't see any
roads or towns out there.
Let's not stand by the window.
They might see us.
Hey.
We're all gonna die.
Carly. I need you to come
help me look around. please.
Hey. Chris.
Jess.
Thanks.
Oh. my God. It's a radio.
Thing looks prehistoric.
Do you know how to use this?
Let me try.
- It could still work.
- Don't move anything.
Just keep it on the
frequency they had it on.
Can anybody hear me?
We have an emergency.
Say "mayday."
Look. we have a huge emergency.
Please. does anybody hear me?
Someone is injured.
We need help.
Hello.
Please. is anybody out there
that can hear me? Hello.
No.
Get down. Cover the light.
I think they're passing us.
This is Ranger Base
Emergency. Do you copy?
What is your position? Over.
Do you copy?
I don't know my position. Just help us.
I need another copy of that.
I repeat. what is your position?
They're coming.
We don't know our position.
We're in a watchtower.
We must be north of
Bear Mountain Road.
Someone is trying to kill us! Please!
They've murdered our friends.
They're after us right now.
I'm having some trouble hearing you.
If you're in the tower.
stay up there. Do you copy?
Yes. yes. we copy! Just hurry.
please! This is an emergency!
- Help me move this. Come on!
- We'll come to you.
- Do you copy?
- Come on!
They're after us!
Someone's been shot!
Our friends have been killed.
and we need help! Please!
Fuck!
What are they doing?
I don't know.
I think they're going down.
Jess.
Hello? Hello? Is anybody
there? Can you hear us? Hello?
Jesus. what are they doing?
We're on fire.
They're trying to burn us out.
Oh. my God.
Carly!
Come here.
Let go of me! Let go!
I'd rather jump than burn to death!
Calm down.
You're right.
- What?
- She's right.
We have to jump. Those
branches are only a few feet down.
That's more like 20 feet.
Look. Jessie. I don't
wanna burn to death.
and I don't want to be
chopped up into pieces.
We can do this. I'll go first.
Chris. Hey.
Chris!
Help! Chris.
You okay?
Do you think they saw us?
I don't know.
We gotta move. Come on.
Shit. Shit.
Carly. come on.
I can do this. I can
do this. I can do this.
I can... I can do this.
Come on. Come on.
He's coming.
I know. I have a plan. Come on.
Jessie. this way.
- Can you hold this?
- Why?
'Cause we're gonna knock
this fucker out of the tree.
Can you hold it?
Yeah.
Alright. Don't let go
until I say so. Okay?
Where are you going?
I'm gonna make sure
he comes this way.
No. You can't move
as quick as I can.
Jessie. Jessie.
I'm right here! Come and get me!
Where are you?
Here I am!
Hey!
I'm sorry about your friends.
Last Friday I came home. and
there's a message on my machine
from my boyfriend. who says that
we shouldn't be together anymore.
Within 20 minutes
of me telling Carly.
she had Scott and
Evan and Francine
all blowing off work this
week to take me out here.
That's just the kind
of friends they were.
And now they're dead.
It's not your fault.
It's not.
They're here.
No. they're not.
You were dreaming.
I wish.
- How's your leg?
- It hurts.
Which is good. If it didn't hurt...
Road.
- What?
- Road! Look.
We gotta get down there.
Take that slope right there.
I can't believe it.
- How are we gonna get you down?
- I'll get down...
- Chris!
- Go!
- Chris! Come on!
Chris. stop! No!
Chris!
Get off of me!
Jessie!
Hey. stop!
Oh. thank God.
Are you crazy?
- They took her. Come on. We gotta...
- Calm down.
- Just calm down.
- We gotta move.
Are you one of them folks who
called me from the fire tower?
- I've been looking all over for you.
- Please. shut up and listen.
- People are dead.
- Dead? What people?
No!
No.
Help me. please.
I'm sorry.
Yeah? Can you help me?
Please help me.
No!
Somebody. help me!
Help me.
You're okay. Come on.
Just stay with me. You're all right.
Come on. It's okay.
Just keep looking at me. okay?
You're okay.
Thank you.
Everything's okay.
Chris!
Chris.
Get off of me!
Shoot them.
I only got one shot left.
Come on. you motherfuckers.
Just die.